Add links and samples to documentation about test tags. (#74)
square/radiography: README.md

## Jetpack Compose support

[Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) is Google's new UI toolkit. It is
currently in pre-release status, and changes frequently. However, if you're already experimenting

> with Compose in your apps, any UI that is defined in Compose will not show up as Android views.

Reviewer: >  any UI that is defined in Compose will not show up as Android views.

this is a bit confusing, show up where exactly?

How about:

> any UI that is defned in Compose does not include any Android view.

Author: Agreed it's confusing. Technically a Compose UI _may_ [include android views](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/interop#views-in-compose). This whole paragraph is awkward. How about replacing it with:

> [Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) is Google's new declarative UI toolkit. It is a completely new implementation, and does not use Android views itself (although it [interoperates](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/interop#views-in-compose) with them seamlessly).

Author: Done.

Radiography will automatically render composables found in your view tree if the Compose Tooling

> library is on the classpath. If you are using Compose, this is likely already the case (the

Author: ```suggestion
library is on the classpath. If you are using Compose, you're probably already using this library (the
```

Author: Done.

`@Preview` annotation lives in the Tooling library). On the other hand, if you're not using Compose,
Radiography won't bloat your app with transitive dependencies on any Compose artifacts.

> Compose releases frequently. If you are using Radiography with an unsupported version of Compose,

Author: ```suggestion
Compose changes frequently, and while in alpha, is being released every two weeks. Radiography's Compose support is experimental. If you are using Radiography with an unsupported version of Compose,
```

Author: Done.

or you don't depend on the Tooling library, then Radiography will still try to detect compositions,
but instead of rendering the actual hierarchy, it will just include a message asking you to upgrade
Radiography or add the Tooling library.

### Compose usage

> _Compose support is experimental right now, since Compose is still changing a lot on a regular

Reviewer: > changing a lot on a regular basis.

=>

> changing frequently.

?

Author: Going to remove this sentence from this paragraph and move it to the one above.

Author: Done.

basis._

The only thing required for Radiography to render composables is to include the tooling library as
a dependency:
```kotlin
dependencies {
  implementation("androidx.ui:ui-tooling:1.0.0-alphaXY")
}
```

### Rendering composables

The `DefaultsNoPii` and `DefaultsIncludingPii` renderers include default Compose renderers – you
don't need to do anything special. Additional Compose-specific renderers can be found in the
`ComposableRenderers` object.

To create a custom renderer for Compose, implement a `ViewStateRenderer` to handle values of type
`ComposeView`. The `ComposeView` has a list of all the `Modifier`s that have been applied to the

> composable, including its [semantics](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/ui/semantics/SemanticsModifier?hl=en#semanticsConfiguration:androidx.compose.ui.semantics.SemanticsConfiguration).

Reviewer: this might want a code example

Author: Done.

### Filtering composables

Composables can be filtered as well. Compose doesn't have the concept of view IDs, but you
can explicitly tag composables with strings using the [`testTag`](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/ui/platform/package-summary#(androidx.compose.ui.Modifier).testTag(kotlin.String))
modifier, and then tell Radiography to only scan certain tags, or filter certain tags out.

For example, say you have a screen that has a debug drawer, and some body content, like this:
```kotlin
@Composable fun App() {
  ModalDrawerLayout(drawerContent = {
    DebugDrawer(Modifier.testTag("debug-drawer"))
  }) {
    Column {
      ActionBar()
      Body(Modifier.testTag("app-body"))
      BottomBar()
    }
  }
}
```

To scan everything _but_ the debug drawer, use `skipTestTagsFilter`:
```kotlin
val prettyHierarchy = Radiography.scan(viewFilter = skipTestTagsFilter("debug-drawer"))
```

To _only_ scan the contents of the `Body` composable, use `composeTestTagScope`:
```kotlin
val prettyHierarchy = Radiography.scan(scanScope = composeTestTagScope("app-body"))

> ```

Reviewer: The example is really cool! One thing that's not obvious when reading this is that at first it sounds like "_only_ scan the contents of the `Body`" is the opposite of "scan everything _but_ the debug drawer" so then we expect some kind of API symmetry which there isn't.

And the main reason for that is that the first is a filter vs the second is a root provider.

Might want to add an extra sentence to the second case, e.g.:

```
To _only_ scan the contents of the `Body` composable, specify a `composeTestTagScope` `ScanScope`  to tell Radiography where to start from:
```

Author: Should these be separate samples? I was on the fence whether using the same code for both caused the confusion you pointed out.

Author: Split them into separate samples and talked about scoping first.
